		P R E L I M I N A R Y    S P E C I F I C A T I O N

					 Due 2:00 AM, Friday, 18 September 2015

CPSC 323   Homework #1  'Tis a Far, Far better thing ...

(60 points) Implement in C the file archiver Far, a relative of the system
utilities ar and tar that offers a limited subset of their functionality:

  NAME
    Far - mini file archiver
   
  SYNOPSIS
    Far key archive [name]*
   
  DESCRIPTION
    Far uses a single "archive" file to maintain a collection of regular files
    and directories called "members".  The KEY argument specifies the action
    to be taken (see below); the ARCHIVE argument specifies the name of the
    archive file; and the NAME arguments (if any) are names specifying which
    files or directories to save, to restore, or to delete.

    The single-character KEY argument must be one of the following letters:
   
    r  For each NAME specified, if there is a member of the archive with
       that name, replace it in the archive by the current version of the
       corresponding file; otherwise insert the file with that name at the
       end of the archive.  If the archive file does not exist, create an
       empty archive first.  If NAME specifies a directory rather than a
       file, recursively replace all filenames in that directory as well
       (except for the special directories . and ..).  Issue an error message
       if a file or directory does not exist.  Note that only the name of a
       directory is stored in the archive.

    x  For each NAME specified, extract (i.e., create or overwrite the file
       corresponding to) each member of the archive with that name and any
       member in a directory hierarchy with that name.  If there are no NAME
       arguments, extract every member of the archive.  Issue an error message
       if the archive file does not exist or if a NAME does not cause an
       extraction.  (Extraction may require creating directories, but Far does
       not recreate or overwrite existing directories.  Similarly, Far issues
       an error message rather than overwrite existing read-only files.)

    d  For each NAME specified, delete from the archive the member with that
       name and any member in a directory hierarchy with that name.  Issue an
       error message if the archive file does not exist or if a NAME does not
       cause a deletion.  (Note that the file with the name specified need not
       exist outside the archive.)

    t  PRINT to the standard output the size (in bytes) and name of each member
       of the archive (in order of appearance) using a "%8d %s" format.  Ignore
       any name arguments.  (Note that the size of a directory is 0, and that
       the name should be followed by a /.)

    If the name of the archive is -, read the archive from the standard input.
    The r and d keys write the new archive file to the standard output, but the
    t and x keys (which do not modify the archive) do not.

  LIMITATIONS
    Far only handles regular files and directories; symbolic links, sockets,
    FIFOs, and devices are ignored.  Far treats hard links to the same inode
    as distinct files.
   

